docs(TabStrip): add dynamic tabs docs (#2889)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/tabstrip/dynamic-tabs.md

---
title: Dynamic Tabs
page_title: TabStrip - Dynamic Tabs
description: Learn how to use the ActiveTabId parameter in the Telerik TabStrip for Blazor to manage dynamic tabs.
slug: tabstrip-dynamic-tabs
tags: telerik,blazor,tabstrip,dynamic tabs
published: True
position: 3
---

# Dynamic Tabs in TabStrip

> The Telerik TabStrip component now supports managing dynamic tabs more effectively with the introduction of the `ActiveTabId` parameter and the new [`ActiveTabIdChanged`](slug:tabstrip-events#activetabidchanged) event. These features allow users to specify or track the active tab using its unique ID, making it easier to work with dynamic tab scenarios.

Reviewer: Try writing text that isn't time-sensitive ("now supports", "the new `ActiveTabIdChanged` event" ). Reading this paragraph in two years would feel awkward as these statements will be outdated.

```suggestion
The Telerik TabStrip component supports effective management of dynamic tabs through the `ActiveTabId` parameter and the [`ActiveTabIdChanged`](slug:tabstrip-events#activetabidchanged) event. These features allow users to specify or track the active tab using its unique ID, making it easier to work with dynamic tab scenarios.
```

## ActiveTabId Parameter

The `ActiveTabId` parameter allows you to manage the active tab by its ID. It supports two-way binding, allowing seamless updates between the component and the application state.

> ### Configuration Example

Reviewer: When possible, avoid using a single heading of a given level. In this case, this is the only H3 heading, and you can avoid using it by adding a caption instead (see the next comment).
```suggestion
```

> The following example demonstrates how to use the `ActiveTabId` parameter to manage dynamic tabs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>caption Using the `ActiveTabId` parameter to manage dynamic tabs
```
